"Hello, may I please speak with Mr. Parker? He's speaking. Hi Mr. Parker Joshua Info happened over school service did I catch you at an OK time?", It's OK Joshua, just spill it out. I'm sure you know down here so I'll be brief. I don't want to take much of your time. The reason for my call is this. We just came out with a new course in service platform through our website, so I've deemed you important enough to let you know in order to keep you posted at our latest product launches. Yeah, thanks for that. But to tell you the truth, I'm just fed up with trainings. Thank you, Mr. Parker. I understand what you may feel that this is not of any interest to you. However, I can assure you that another customer told me the exact same thing and now he's benefitting from our new method, I understand that improving your staff's English is rather important for you and your company as well. Could you share with me why improving these skills is not of any interest to you at this time? Well, to be honest, I find your prices a little bit high. Thank you for the Insight Mr. Parker. I comprehend why you may be hesitant to open up some budget for a method you have not experienced with. The reason I'm calling you, however, is to open up some initial dialogue. Some customers implementing our course and new method.", "To have their staff members skills and lack of confidence when speaking to native speakers. And I understand these are also problems for your business. Even if you do not purchase our course, it would be prudent for us to connect because the benefits for you ... I'm not pretty sure if I want to invest money and time with you guys, so why don't you tell me what would I have to? Ok, Mr. Parker. The last time we got a hold of you we have improved our map of the expanded integration offerings.", "These are these are the reasons why a lot of new customers. Just signed with us last month since you mentioned lack of vocabulary and confidence when interacting with native speakers. As promised, the last time we spoke it would be great to reconnect and discuss the added value these improvements offered to your business. Well, that does sound interesting, but I'm currently working with another school. I'm going to hear that you're already working with another English school. This confirms that you see the value used in English as a solution to your company I'm calling you because in addition to improving your staff English skills, we work with companies with a vast experience when it comes to speaking English, and in fact we are teaching advisors and we really think that you may benefit from our knowledge and expertise and experience. But most importantly, we are able to provide you with new employees from our school that we have personally trained and are totally guaranteed. Wow, that sounds terrific.", "Now we're talking OK, send me the papers and thanks for your explanation. I didn't have the foggiest idea of how you guys actually work. OK Sir, I will send you the papers right away.", 'Thank you very much for your valuable time.'